Could it be that Ji Lingchuan was the big brother when he was a child?
It's just too much.
Brother you go
Forget it, wait until you get a chance to ask next time.
I really didn't expect it.
This Qin Xiaoxuan is actually the white moonlight that Mr. Ji has been looking for for many years
This Qin Xiaoxuan is really lucky
The Qin family is just the last of Yuncheng
So far, I have been transformed into Mrs. Ji
I have never heard of Qin Xiaojuan's childhood sweetheart before
Do you think there will be any tricks in it?
Who knows?
Even Mr. Ji admitted it
There shouldn't be anything wrong, right?
Get the words out
Delete the words
Remember, remember me?
Big brother, do you think this flower is beautiful?
Sorry big brother
I didn't know you were allergic to talcum powder